Amazon Ads: add new stream `SponsoredDisplayV3ReportStream` (#47366)
airbytehq/airbyte: docs/integrations/sources/amazon-ads-migrations.md

# Amazon Ads Migration Guide

## Upgrading to 6.0.0

> The `SponsoredDisplayReportStream` stream has updated schema due to a change with the Amazon Ads API,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `SponsoredDisplayReportStream` stream now has an updated schema, thanks to a recent change in the Amazon Ads API. You can find more details in the [Amazon Migration Guide (metrics)](https://advertising.amazon.com/API/docs/en-us/reference/migration-guides/reporting-v2-v3#metrics).

Please note that SponsoredBrandsReportStream and SponsoredBrandsVideoReportStream will become unavailable as a result of the deprecation of API V2. We recommend switching to SponsoredBrandsV3ReportStream as a great alternative.
```
